https://stratisiot.com/


STRATIS

    Learn More
    Properties
    Partners
    We Work With
    Contact Us
    Request A Demo

Video Player
Join Our February Webinar
Feb. 21 at 2 p.m. (EST)
Register Now
;
STRATIS is Smart Apartments & Intelligent Buildings.

STRATIS is the only IoT Platform built for the complexities of MultiFamily and Student Housing.
STRATIS is installed in 250,000 units in the U.S. and Japan.

Access

STRATIS provides seamless “sidewalk to sofa” credentialing, for staff maintenance, vendors, residents, and their guests and service providers.

Energy

STRATIS reduces energy usage during construction, lease-up, and vacancies, saving 15-20% of energy spend for you AND your residents.

Automation

STRATIS offers automation beyond “Smart Apartments.” STRATIS creates Intelligent Buildings.
Built Specifically For MultiFamily

STRATIS is the only IoT Platform built specifically for MultiFamily and Student Housing, with focus on return on investment for Property Owners & Managers and Residents as natural beneficiaries.

As “Technology as Amenity” gains traction, it will exist, for a short time as a competitive differentiator for early adopters. As the return on investment is continuously realized, “Technology as Amenity” becomes a competitive advantage. And finally, as industries adopt market-wide, this technology becomes the new industry standard.

Our Mission: To be YOUR standard.
The STRATIS Mobile App

STRATIS provides seamless, “sidewalk to sofa” mobile access, for staff, maintenance, vendors, residents, and their guests and service providers.
Design & Development

STRATIS was created by a team with more than 72 years of combined IoT experience.
Planning & Strategy

The STRATIS mobile app has been tested and retested, and is approaching two years in development.
End User Driven

We created STRATIS with Property Managers in mind. The mobile app saves both time and money for properties.
Secure

STRATIS prioritizes technology security & safety for Residents & Property Managers.
Friendly UI

We focus on ease-of-use for Property Owners & Residents.
Award Winning

STRATIS is award-winning technology, disrupting the MultiFamily & Student Housing industries.
In the News
US NewsPhiladelphia InquirerTechnically PhillyRead WriteRenovatorHuffington PostMFEVentureBeatZDNet_logo
250,000 Units Installed
in The U.S. & Japan
Testimonials

Property Managers and Residents in MultiFamily and Student Housing save time and money with STRATIS.

Pretty sick to be able to unlock my door with my phone. About a 2-3 second delay from when you push unlock on your iPhone to when the door unlocks.
Jwforte

Mobile App User

I love STRATIS because it’s so user friendly. Being able to provide this service for residents has really cut down on staff members and residents having to juggle tasks.”
Jennifer Coulter

Property Manager, Louisville, KY

STRATIS saves us time and therefore money. There is no comparison in the marketplace. Our transition from mechanical keys to electronic locks managed by STRATIS has greatly simplified our access control.
Roger Manning

Property Manager, Decatur, GA
Awards
Customers

    Property Owners and Developers
    Property Managers
    Distributors
    Mobile App

Company

    Team
    Careers
    IoT 4 MFE
    Case Studies
    Press Kit
    Press Releases
    Blog

Support

    Store
    FAQs & Help
    Legal

STRATISIS Logo

COPYRIGHT © 2019 STRATIS
